♫ Close your eyes. I am so, so, so captivated by you like this ♫
♫ You fell into my colorful dream from last night ♫
♫ I want to work hard to gain your attention ♫
♫ Laying in your embrace ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ Just want to wait until the rain falls first, slowly making your hair wet ♫
♫ I seem to have used some kind of magic ♫
♫ Even a frozen river can melt ♫
♫ Is it like Zhuang Zhou's dream of becoming a butterfly? ♫
♫ You are a blessing and a blight ♫
♫ Then just accept it, accompanying you in a peaceful and clear night ♫
♫ Listening to the temple's monk ringing the bell ♫
♫ Laying at the Mount Nan loft relaxing ♫
♫ For you I hid my tears ♫
♫ Abandoned worldly affairs. I will find you no matter the time and place ♫
♫ It's you for the rest of my life. I want to be closer to you ♫
♫ Meeting you in the mortal world ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
Love is all
[Episode 25]
[Tongling County Office]
-That's sugar.
-What?
What should I do? I'll put some salt.
Lingyin promise me something.
What?
Once we get married, you shouldn't enter the kitchen.
Leave it all to me.
Are you avoiding the food I make because it tastes bad and even gives you diarrhea?
We can't ask for everything to be perfect.
Look at you right now. Above is the hall and below is the study. Isn't this also very nice?
But Jiang Muchun can make delicious food.
Let's not compare ourselves to her. She can't even write books.
You have a point.
So salty.
Let me try.
I think that it's just right.
-What's wrong?
-Zheng Shaofeng.
What are you doing?
Master.
I have found that underground water channel. The underground water source links up from top to bottom.
There's no possibility at all to cover it up.
Then where would the gold be hidden?
She still left.
[Tongling County Office]
What are you doing?
♫  There's no wind, there's no love. There's no sense of loss ♫
♫ There's no you, there's no pain.
Can't hear the uneasiness in my heart, ♫
♫ But I don't feel regret either.♫
♫ There's no lamp, there's no sound. Don't feel out of place. There's no one reciting old monologues in my mind ♫
Head constable Zheng!
Head constable Zheng, I just received a letter.
On it is written down the proof of the crimes of Sir Zong and the other accomplices.
Here.
How about it? Is what I did today considered a great merit?
Ruyi. It's Ruyi!
♫ I wrestled with these tangled thoughts. Always end up with confused and wrong answers ♫
♫ The verdict never comes ♫
Xiang Gua.
Why don't you assist me with cooking today? I want to learn how to make your steamed cantaloupe heart?
Advisor, I think it's best if you find someone else.
This lowly person's status is too low. I only deserve to be ordered by others.
I cannot teach Advisor anything.
Why are you so weird today?
I'm leaving now.
Master.
Xiang Gua is being strange today.
Hasn't she always disliked you? Don't take it to heart.
No. She has been super good to me these couple of days.
And she's even talked to me about the stories in the books.
Don't look at her outward appearance of being so obedient.
In fact, in her heart, she is what is called a richly colorful person.
The other day, she told Qingchen a story.
Do you know what she said?
What?
Guess.
A corpse was stolen from an old tomb.
A story about an unfulfilled love between a person and a spirit.
What did you say?
An unfulfilled love between a person and a spirit.
A corpse was stolen from an old tomb? What was it that was stolen?
A dying person put their treasure into his own grave.
Then...
Sang Jie's tomb!
We finally have a clue!
Aren't I smart? I am so great!
[Tongling County Office]
Miss Jiang, the range can already be determined.
Tan Lingyin has already gone into the fortified village.
She asked Duan Feng to go down the mountain to lead the way.
Everything is going according to the plan.
Xiang Gua, you have to watch them carefully.
Once they find the location of where the gold is.
Tell me immediately.
Okay
Don't worry. All of the things you want, I'll help you get it.
Oh, that's right. I still have some precious stones. I will have Little Die bring them to you.
No need.
Miss Jiang, last time when you gave me this jade bracelet.
It's too expensive.
I actually don't need these.
I just want Tan Lingyi to disappear.
I will kill her for you.
Then later beside Sir
will only be you.
What about sister?
I only want the gold.
Dawang. Little Liu. This is an extraordinary period. Increase the patrols inside and outside the county office.
Yes.
I think
it should be here.
Why?
The fierce tiger hisses at the moon. The lotus flower appears out of the water.
If it was me, I would bury it here too.
Can you not curse yourself like this?
If you don't understand this then how are you the Magistrate?
The shape of this mountain top is like the head of a fierce tiger.
At night, the moon shines on the mountain top.
So it is the fierce tiger hissing at the moon.
The grave is surrounded by mountains and rivers.
And it's shaped like a lotus. So it's called the lotus flower appears out of the water.
Okay, Duan Feng.
Are you sure it's there?
Not 100% sure.
Sang Jie, this old man is very vain. And he's extremely superstitious.
He must have picked the best place for the grave.
This place is at most good enough for a wealthy merchant.
So you mean?
Water and fire are separated.
It just passes as a place with good feng shui.
But the gorge under the hill runs through the water source.
Plus, the terrain is very precipitous.
From the perspective of the terrain, this is the best place to hide something.
I understand what you guys mean.
In this case, the terrain and feng shui here is the best.
It may possibly be where the gold is buried.
Can you put away your lousy ruler?
Take it easy. The skills passed down from our ancestors
Must have something incredible about them.
The place we are looking for is probably around here.
We have been looking for more than half the day.
It's possible-
We found the wrong place.
It's a ghost hitting the wall. (TN: a superstition that a ghost is causing humans to get lost at night.)
Come on, you're an Advisor. Can you not be so superstitious all the time?
But what if.
There's no what ifs. The person you should trust is me.
And not that.
So could you please tell us, our wise Master Tang.
Where is the entrance?
Hurry and go see what that is.
Sangjie's grave!
Is it? It was here.
Let's check it out and see if there's any traps.
Stop!
Sir.
Don't move.
Don't hide. Come on out.
Jiang Muchun? It's you.
Thank you to you two for leading the way.
You already paid Lao Tie,
to betray Sang Jie. You abandoned Zong Yinglin as well, right?
Don't talk anymore.
You two are not as useful as Xiang Gua.
Watch for people out there.
Yes!
Go.
Jiang Muchun, stop.
You hit me.
I have wanted to hit you earlier.
Tang Tianyuan.
I was the one that gave you everything and treated you like a god.
But you let me have a taste of what's it's like when the sky falls apart.
Without her
will you be able to see me?
Jiang Muchun, you finally revealed your true self.
You must be tired from acting this whole time.
That's right. I have to see
How long are you going to stay like that?
What are you doing to do?
Jiang Muchun. Don't hurt Tang Linyi.
Master.
Let her go!
Master!
Master.
-Lingyin.
-Sir!
Jiang Muchun, you better listen. If you have any grudges,
do it to me instead.
If you dare touch her, I will take your life.
Jiang Muchun, what are you doing?
You don't need to take everything so seriously. Spare people when you can. Don't you know this?
Advisor, be careful!
Xiangguo!
What?
Xianggua.
Xiang Gua, why are you doing this-
Why are you not stopping?
Xianggua.
Master.
I actually didn't really him.
-Stop talking.
-Hurry and bring Xiang Gua back.
Be careful.
Jiang Muchun.
I'll make you pay 1000 times more than what you did to Xiang Gua.
I don't care. Ever since I started loving Tang Tianyuan,
I have experienced so much torture and pain.
I have experienced what hurt the most in the world.
Why should I be afraid?
It's because of you. Xiang Gua was suppose to hurt you.
How come you are so stupid?
Stupid? You are the stupid one.
You don't know why Head Constable Zheng is here?
Xianggua knew your plan.
Sir, Advisor, it was Miss Jiang. Miss Jiang wanted to use me.
She tried to make me tell her where the gold is.
Miss Jiang is a deep schemer.
I could only believe her.
You did a good thing.
Right, master. Jiang sister has been hiding
A key that is made from gold.
The key is extremely delicate.
Go tell Jiang Muchun that we found the location of the gold.
Okay.
Cong Shun, watch her.
Yes.
Master.
Xianggua got hurt. It's all her fault.
I was going to wait, but I didn't know she was going to make a move this quick.
Cong Shun, carefully watch her.
-Yes.
-Let's go first.
This way.
Miss Jiang.
Wait.
What's wrong?
Yeah?
Making a fuss about nothing.
Now do you believe me?
Please Head Constable Zheng.
What! We are brothers, you can't harm me.
Sang Jie hid the gold here.
Because he hoped he could spend this gold one day.
So there's no way his traps are impossible to break.
Hurry and come.
I think it should be fine.
Let's go.
Look.
Sang Jie is just a mere County Magistrate.
This scale. It's comparable to His Royal Highness.
Shaofeng, open the lid.
No you can't. I heard that
you have to light a candle before removing the lid.
We won't be able to do anything if the candle goes out. We can only go back.
Okay, okay. I'll go.
There isn't anything. Where's advisor?
Xiao Feilong, look quickly.
Oh no.
Don't leave.
Lingyin.
Sir! I'm held hostage again.
Lord Tang, you thought the plan was really good.
But till now you are still not clear.
Who is the mantis, and who is the siskin (a type of bird).
You bribed Cong Shun?
She didn't need to bribe me.
We captured you two today to get revenge.
Adoptive father? Who is he?
Why is your memory so bad, Advisor Tan?
You don't remember the person you personally killed?
Ruyi and I from a young age had no parents.
We owe everything to him.
His daughter didn't amount to much. But he has me to avenge him.
Calm down.
It's Zong Yinglin.
We didn't kill Zong Yilin.
Why are you still lying?
All of you wanted him to die.
Only you guys hate the very existence of my father.
Jiang sister told me.
The assassin that killed my father was sent by you two.
And the evidence is clear. Zheng Shaofeng's jade pendant was found at the scene.
Cong Shun, why do you believe everything she says?
-What can a jade pendant prove?
-Cong Shun.
Even though it can't prove anything.What about Zhou Ruyi?
Zhou Ruyi and Zheng Shaofeng fell in love with each other long ago.
She worked with them long time ago and betrayed Lord Zong.
You saw all of these with your own eyes.
Master Zong asked for mercy repeatedly. But she refused time and time again.
These truths defeat any arguments.
You already know what to do, I don't need to say it.
You dare touch her.
Guess if I do. Go back.
Master Tang, I know you're actually the main culprit.
If you kill yourself I will let Advisor Tan go.
If you want to live, that's okay.
Then you can only watch Advisor Tan being beheaded.
Master. Don't listen to him.
Okay.
Give me the knife.
Cong Shun, are you stupid?
When Zong Yinglin died, Sir was still sick.
How is it possible that he killed him?
Zong Yinglin wanting to defect to us is such a good thing for us.
Why should I kill him?
You.
It was you.
Cong Shun!
Cong Shun, are you okay?
How are you?
Cong Shun!
Goodbye, you don't have much time left.
Advisor.
Don't say.
Let's go.
Hurry.
I don't need to do anything.
Unfortunately the Broken Dragon stone has fallen.
You all won't be able to go back.
I will come and bury your bodies after seven days.
Then at that time, you will be mine.
The gold will also be mine.
What was that sound?
Jiang Muchun activated the trap and released the Broken Dragon Stone.
Broken Dragon Stone?
They all say this stone cuts off yin and yang and separates life and death.
Then air won't even be able to come in.
We are screwed.
Master. Will we really die here?
Didn't you ask a fortune teller about me? I'm destined for glory and wealth.
And I'll marry a wife that will bring me good fortune and have lots of children and grandchildren.
That was all to trick you.
I don't believe it.
Then I'll go find another exit.
Lingyin, if you didn't come to Tongling.
If you didn't knock on the door of the County Office.
If you didn't become my advisor,
you wouldn't be involved in all of this and have you life at risk.
Do you regret it?
I don't regret it.
What I regret is saying all those bad stuff to you.
Who cares about the novels?
As long we're together, I'm going with not writing.
Then if this time we leave alive
marry me okay?
Then can I still write books?
Yeah.
Then let's get married.
Sister.
Xingchen?
Are you okay?
Xingchen.
You guys sure are high-spirited for people who are about to  die.
You came too slow.
The tomb robbers didn't do a good job.
We only needed a hole three feet away from the tomb
and it took us this long to get here.
You knew that Duanfeng was gonna come?
Where else would this guy go?
Thankfully he was smart enough to not confront Jiang Muchun.
Of course! I'm flexible and adaptive.
Then why did you act like we were about to die before?
Tricker.
You agreed anyway.
Thanks.
What is there to thanks?
Since we're good brothers.
As long as you need it, I'll come.
It's not the time to relax.
Jiang Muchun is probably destroying evidence right now at the county office.
-Come and bring water.
-Here!
-Get water!
-It's not enough!
Someone come help!
-Hurry.
-Hurry!
Get water!
[Tongling County Office]
Get more water!
Over here, over here.
-Hurry and put out the fire.
-How did this happen?
I'll go look.
-Hurry!
-I'm coming!
-Sir.
There's nothing flammable on the ground here. Why would it catch on fire? Something's fishy.
We also don't know.
We don't know.
Something flammable?
Some time ago Jiang Muchun made me buy a bunch of white phosphorus.
This must be caused by white phosphorus!
Why didn't you say earlier?
I-I just realized.
You!
-Hurry.
Advisor!
It's on fire over here too!
Go.
Yes.
Head constable Zheng, there's no one inside.
That toxic woman. Did she grow wings and fly away?
-Don't let anyone get by, go look.
-Yes.
-Have you seen the advisor?
-No, Sir.
Master.
Jiang Muchun.
Don't move.
You toxic woman. You don't have anywhere to run.  Let her go.
In all my calculations, I never ever thought that
I still couldn't beat the heavens.
The heavens allow you to live and come back.
-It was you who saved her.
-That's right.
Put the knife down. We can talk.
Talk?
Jiang Muchun, it's not too late to repent.
There is no more time.
I can't talk.
Ever since Lord Tang,
You gave up on me.
I already decided
I have to get the gold for my dad.
How can the situation still be changed?
My younger brother didn't have the gold.
No way.
No way!
If there was gold, why would we come back empty handed?
- Where is Old Tie? Where is he?
- Did you really think you could bribe Old Tie
And kill all of us so that you could get the gold?
He thought that too.
He didn't even plan to share half with you.
What he wanted, was for you to die in Tongling.
Your father is already a dead man walking now.
And you planned all of this on his behalf.
Do you want to fulfil his wishes?
From the day my brother died
my dad's heart died too.
Do you think it's funny?
He put all the hope on someone else.
Then what about me?
What about me?
Why can't he see me?
Does he think that because Jiang Rendong died,
the Jiang family over too?
Your father's embezzlement is already a serious crime.
Yet you did no persuade him to admit to his crimes.
But took it one step further by planning all this on his behalf.
Naturally you should be killed.
But I'll give you one more chance
Put the knife down.
We can still talk.
Talk about what?
I have already killed so many people. What is there to talk about?
There was no time to go back in the beginning.
Lingyin.
Look at the time.
How scary.
Let's die together.
Sir, hurry and chase her.
There's no need. We're good friends.
Take her away.
Lingyin, I want to say something to you.
Good things do not last for long on this earth.
Even if you use your whole life
to cherish a love,
it will be the same as coloured glass.
Once touched, it breaks.
Go!
This toxic woman. She's knows how to confuse and poison minds.
Sis, don't listen to her.
I think what she said made sense.
Lingyin, about you  join me in looting and plundering.
We can live freely and become a pair of runaway mandarin ducks. (TN: mandarin ducks symbolize affectionate lovers)
It's fine.
Are you hurt?
Don't come over.
Just then
it was you who helped us earlier.
Saving Advisor Tan was also you.
You were always by my side.
Since you don't want to leave
then stay here. Okay?
A good person needs to experience a lot of suffering to become a Buddha.
Why does a bad person only need to put down their knife to become a good person.
Thank you for forgiving me.
But I need time to let go of myself.
Okay.
I'll wait for you.
I'll always
always be here
waiting for you to come back.
[Seize]
[Boundless]
[Arrangement ClsQ]
[Rocket Girls 101 Lai Meiyun, R1SE Zhao Lei]
♫ The overnight spring breeze, as I go out into the world, hoping not to disappoint ♫
♫ To roam the world, just this ferry of longing, I can't let go ♫
♫ The ferry keeps floating, but the way back seems endless ♫
♫ The chilling waters brought a lonely boat that caught my eye ♫
♫ A fierce horse, where is it going in this mortal world? ♫
♫ Where can I leisurely see to the limit of the cloud and stars ♫
♫ On an ancient road, as the sun sets, I asked the young bamboo ♫
♫ When will you reply? ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song ♫
♫ A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫ The swaying shadows from the candle and longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon? ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ A single flourishing blossom tree is hazier after being hit by the rain ♫
♫ A lonely lit lamp reflects onto the paper window endlessly ♫
i> ♫ Endlessly, it cannot end, this spring flower ♫
♫ Seeing the dried up vines and hearing the winters crows, too busy to rest ♫<
♫ A stream of west wind, welcomes Tusu (wine), in pursuit ♫
♫ In pursuit of the four seasons, the oceans, but I hesitate ♫
♫ When the brush stops, the wind stops, sleep stops ♫
♫ The long journey home ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song ♫
♫ A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫ The swaying shadows from the candle and longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon? ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ Listen to the wind ♫
♫ Accompanied by pear blossoms, I drink until drunk ♫
♫ And another cup ♫